you guys have heard me say a lot lately
I do it for the movement why do I do it
why do I do this thing I'm doing right
now on camera and i'll mention i'm
making the time do this right now today
after being bedridden l again I'm been
very sick at the moment if I look sick
it's because I am sick and I'm gonna try
to get back to the gym tonight and I'm
packing up to leave town and I have a
lot going on in my life that really
should take priority over YouTube among
the accusations against me lately that I
thought I thought fell flat someone were
approached me by saying that I'm making
these videos for for gain for personal
gain and from my perspective that's a
laughable claim uh I used to be able to
say there's absolutely no money for me
youtube now you go to my patreon page
and see exactly how little money is it
there is a financial aspect of what I'm
doing on YouTube but I don't know if
anyone I mean including even during
writer including even people who profess
they may I don't know if anyone really
doubts that very simple statement that I
am doing this for the movement and the
interesting thing about that is when I
get down to 121 interactions when you're
doing it for the movement on the one
hand I can say this is not about you and
it's not about me and there's another
sense in which it very intimately and
passionately directly it is about you
and it is about me it's all about
individuals because the movement for me
isn't something real and actual that
exists now it's not even something I can
critique as it currently exists in the
world really one type with a movement of
talking about the potential for
something positive to happen in the
future right and what is that potential
that potential comes down to little
people like you and you and you and me
sitting around thinking you know what
can we make happen in the next 10 years
i'm gonna i'm going to digress from this
the wheel topic of this view for just
one second dimension you know um in my
earlier video i stated i think quite
passionately and positively that one of
the great things we have to appreciate
about this circus going on on YouTube
right now this this farce as terrible
and shameful as it may be to have a
bunch of vegans throwing mud at each
other
it's actually really wonderful that
we're having an open ended democratic
debate ultimately even about what the
vegan movement itself should be what are
the goals what are our means and methods
etc and that that's all being discussed
now up front it's not being discussed
afterwards I think there's a really
interesting contrast to the failure of
Occupy Wall Street from my perspective
Occupy Wall Street was a failure Occupy
Wall Street brought people together out
of protest and then had the debate about
what the purpose of the protest was
after the people shown up right this is
their their their great assembly method
so people come from the protest and then
there's an open-ended endless debate
about what it is they're protesting or
what are the gold they're pursuing after
they've already come to the protest so
to me that's a formula for failure no
know how those debates before you have
the protest the protest is the last and
the least of your concerns the protest
should be an expression of and an
affirmation of what it is you already
have in common it shouldn't be the start
of a debate about you know why are you
protesting right um now obviously there
are some people who disagree there are
some people who really feel that the
purpose of the protest is exactly to
start and ongoing and I think endless
debate I mean the design of Occupy Wall
Street was that they would never come to
conclusions they would never say these
are the goals of our movement and if you
don't support these goals get out and
what's interesting about veganism
veganism is in some ways the ultimate
single issue cause we as you have a long
sequence of debates that are refining
and redefining exactly what the
objectives are veganism and what methods
we use what we don't move use and the
end of every discussion the conclusion
is ultimately this is what veganism is
this is what vegans needs to become and
if you don't support it get out and some
of those um you know some of those
debates they're not really hostile but
they do have to resolve questions of how
multiple competing interests overlap
with in veganism I can remember not too
long ago some people used to write to me
it used to be some discussion internet
saying that some
how veganism ought to co-opt or be
co-opted by african-american civil
rights movements now even though that
sympathetic even though many people who
are vegans might also want to support
the advancement of african-american
people ultimately I think that debate
had to end by recognizing these are
really separate profoundly separate
issues okay veganism will never be a
voice for the Advancement of African
American people and even if you
personally live in Georgia and your main
form of activism is advancement of
African American people and you're also
a vegan I think those are ineluctably
two separate movements sure one may
inspire the other maybe in a poetic
sense you know you an individual person
may talk about how in their own life
these things are connected but we
actually can't narrow the vegan movement
by saying no vegans only consist of
people who are passionate about this
other political issue because it really
is other African American people and did
this cannot become as I've just alluded
to it cannot become an issue that says
either you support this or you get out
now the other thing I've also talked
about in this channel there are all
kinds of other hard limits I've talked
about i think i'm still one of the only
channels to talk about the fact that
there are neo-nazis there are real
fascists there are real racists than
veganism and that any vegan movement
probably does have to have a heart
minute with a say look if you're one of
these crazy neo-nazis we don't want you
in our movement you have to get out even
though they may be vegans they may
support animal rights where you have
hard limits and say no this doesn't
overlap this this isn't acceptable and
so on so I mean some of the other issues
where I think fundamentally we're
dealing with this same question in
politics some people talk about this as
siloing Owen looks are just two degress
on that point a little bit further keep
in mind a lot of people are just
ultimately ethnocentric eurocentric etc
if you think because many people have
written to me intagra okay not many a
few people memorably have written to me
really who felt that the black lives
matter movement or other specific you
know movements the advancement of a
frenetic people
this was such a central dominant
important issue that the oppression of
people of color in America was of such
importance that how could I not redefine
my channel to be about that rather than
veganism and you know I did try to
engage those people in Socratic doubts
okay is that a Cambodian perspective how
does that look from Cambodia I'm
actually interested in the future of
veganism in Cambodia is that a Japanese
perspective I'm interested in the future
of veganism in Japan I now live in China
is that a Unity's perspective like I
realized that from your perspective the
most important thing maybe racial
tensions in Atlanta Georgia or in
Chicago but I live in places in the
world where nobody can permanent
pronounced Chicago where nobody's heard
of Atlanta you know I'm sorry they're
not that famous those cities here in
here in Asia you know Atlanta you know
they've heard of New York it what what
are you talking about I know that to you
that may seem like the center the rule
that maybe were your passions lies and
activists and I'm a completely
sympathize and I may want to hear about
it i may be real interested to talk to
you and hear your perspective but that's
not veganism and I can't allow that to
redefine veganism nor to derail veganism
um and I think those people they don't
they don't think of themselves as d
railing veganism which is also
completely understandable they think
they're doing something very positive
when sometimes under the heading of
intersection ilysm where they really do
try to conflate two separate issues like
that and then redefine veganism as as
subsidiary to one of these other
political purposes political costs okay
I know again i'm also not saying that
that veganism should have a japan
eccentric worldview or a cambodia
secreto fewer a child city really but
okay here in Asia we're actually
approaching veganism with a profoundly
different set of concerns and cultural
traditions and conflicts if we're
talking about the future of veganism
china is a big part of it India is a big
part of so that a million times you
underestimate the importance of Hinduism
for the future of vegan as these are
huge issues um and Chicago starts to
look pretty small still interesting
still significant but I know Chicago's
the center of your world it's not the
center of the world
you know Easter Island in the Atlanta
middle of the Atlantic Ocean Easter
Island is the center of the world okay
there is no center of the world as my
point um all right so it is also I think
of some profound long-term significance
that we have coming to veganism people
who are more or less activists in
addressing eating disorders and mental
health issues sometimes separately
sometimes this as the same thing there
are people who are just mental health
advocates their people are just eating
disorder advocates I dig it and to a
very real extent I sympathize nobody who
watched my first video ever dealing with
anorexia and bulimia something I guess
could say i delayed for a long time
because those are big issues talked
about so much in veganism I finally made
one video on that I think it's over 20
minutes long and nobody worse part of
that video thinking I was being
unsympathetic or judgmental or harsh I
got some very interesting and meaningful
email from individuals with themselves
either anorexic or bulimic or both
talking about how meaningful was of them
and again that that's the other
interesting thing I was alluding to is
that in some ways veganism is just about
talking to individuals and in some ways
it's not in some ways it's not about me
and it's not about you and in some ways
it's it's very meaningful to me getting
those kinds of individual personal
communications really brief digression
that I got an email this morning from
someone who said he had a friend who was
a ninety-five percent vegan so someone
who was a reducer tarian but not
involved with the movement and someone
who's obviously a little bit flexible
not really purely vegan and this friend
of his said to him so this is a reducer
Terry target we can say look I agree
with all the principles Douglas view but
why why take it that far and this guy
the vegan who's a fan of my channel sent
the reducer tarian the link to my video
on community and the reduced her watched
that video and he said I've completely
changed my mind thank you this convinced
me and he's now one hundred percent
vegan and he's committed to both both in
his diet being a hundred percent be not
not compromising and also to seeing it
as a political movement that he wants to
participate in the future so Wow
so to me that is the kind of feedback
that makes all this worth while you
think wow somewhere out there somewhere
in Chicago that's somewhere in Atlanta
Georgia you know someone is really
finding this useful and again when you
do it for the movement in a sense it's
not about me it's not about you but a
sense it is about and it is for anyone
who can make use of it and it's very
rewarding to find out there are
individual people like that who are
making use of it and I got very positive
feedback from that video dealing with a
an American Polly MIA from people who
sometimes even themselves struggle
desert you did find it useful from him
they could make thats that's interesting
I was expecting a lot of negative
backlash in the video so and I didn't
get it I didn't get it uh look I know
there are all these people come into
this movement with real passions of this
kind whether they're sincerely
passionate about black lives matter or
sincerely passionate about Occupy Wall
Street or sincerely passionate about a
you know anorexia some other issue and
they get here and they think why don't
all you other vegans share my passions
why isn't this the center of your world
also and I think they're not they're not
doing their not being destructive
they're not they're not trying to
disrupt the movement they're not reduce
a negative working the ball I think the
most part they are unaware of the extent
to which they're taking their own single
issue cause and trying to make it into a
make-or-break issue into a barrier to
entry it is something that redefines
what the vegan is vegan movement is
about um I'm gonna anyone who talks to
me about this whether it's by Skype or
face-to-face I am the one guy who's
going to be asked to you i am going to
give it to you raw okay veganism is not
about human rights veganism is not about
better factory conditions for workers it
never will be okay veganism is not about
helping african-americans deal with
police brutality it's not and it never
will be okay and if you are an anorexic
and you are an activist for anorexia no
matter how much I may sympathize with
your struggle I've got to tell you
veganism is not for you the
is not about you veganism is not here to
advance your single issue cause in
expressed in terms of anorexia or mental
health or advancing the rights of you
know people with these kinds of
disorders it's not okay all kinds of
other people are going to politely avoid
the issue or just pretend that we're all
on the same boat or what have you but it
is it is really interesting to me to
what extent anorexia I think right now
probably anorexia is the single most
disruptive issue within veganism there's
a much greater degree of you know
anorexics feeling entitled to talk as if
veganism is for them and about them and
to castigate me in contrasting these
other issues because you know like the
far left wingers are Occupy Wall Street
people or people who are actually
communists they do write to me they do
there are people who write to me and
sincerely say that my form of veganism
is immoral and invalid because it's not
about the upliftment of the workers
because it's not about factory
conditions or labor conditions on on
farms or something and none of those
conversations have gone very far those
are generally people who again came into
veganism already with this criterion
that veganism has to live up to
otherwise it's it's invalid in the same
way I have people who come into veganism
because for them I think on a profound
level personally more than politically
veganism is linked to their own struggle
with eating disorders and basically the
perspective is that because my version
of veganism is not all about them is not
a little bit what's at the center of
their world that my version of veganism
is not valid so let's um let's hear a
one let's hear one example this and I'm
going to basically talk about why I'm
not responding to this kind of criticism
from the small number of anorexics who
are basically offended that my channel
exists as mentioned look you guys all
know this is not a secret you guys know
I'm good friends with the vegan lass
vegan last changed her name to lauren
phoenix so she's known as both lauren
phoenix everyone
knows that lauren phoenix did a long
podcast with me and since then we've
never been out of touch I probably I'm
better friends with lauren phoenix than
any other youtube fegan probably um some
people gonna get insulted now semi knows
I thought we were good friend me and lo
were not that close another close to any
uh but way just saying you know so
Lauren you know uh is anorexic and she
doesn't find my position on these issues
um so Roberta Vaz to be offensive I
think Lauren you know I think she really
speaks from the the position that you
know the role of anorexic swith in
veganism is really fraught with special
difficulties I think all our videos
reflected that um you know I'm not going
to get into that but but you mean
Lawrence perspective I think Lauren from
her very first encounter with veganism
recognized on the one hand veganism is
not a cure for anorexia and veganism is
not about anorexics and if anything an
of XX especially for an anorexic still
in recovery they have a lot of special
hurdles and obstacles in terms of you
know becoming and sustaining a vegan
lifestyle and then you know taking on a
leadership role in the movement so I
just think what can I tell you Lauren I
mean you know she ain't dumb but also
lauren when she disagrees with me I
think she's just strong enough to
disagree with me and not hate my guts
story Sooey uh enough disclaimers but it
seemed fine what I would o'clock he did
not really understand what mental
illness really as mental illness is not
a choice and her in the past I've
actually slammed people that Julian
radar for claiming these fangs and made
videos against them yeah okay so this is
the problem we get into would I even
debate with somebody like this claim
like this which is so radically
unrelated to what I actually said my own
video so his his method of attack or
critique of me is to claim that I am
making the same mistake durianrider made
that I am claiming that mental illness
is a choice
and in the video he's referring to it's
the insanity and politics video started
tell not only does that video contain
its own critique of during Rider I have
many videos you just said disagree with
you run that that criticism is so far
off base from my perspective it's
beneath contempt and it's not worth
replying to but specifically the video
he's characterized have this view also
says the exact opposite of the view so
let me just quote three seconds seconds
of myself to argue in the same video I
mean you know if you are born with a
mental disability I know it's unpopular
and it's insulting and crude to call
that person stupid if you're talking
about someone who is not capable of
thinking rationally because they have an
emotional disability or intellectual
disability or a serious psychological
disorder like schizophrenia nobody wants
to be insulting because we know it's not
a choice we know they didn't choose to
be this way okay so its claim is that
I'm stated the exact opposite of what I
stated it so even within that one video
I stated it is not a choice that I do
not believe it's a choice to have
schizophrenia right and it specifically
says nobody wants to criticize a
schizophrenic for being stupid or wrong
because we regard them as being impaired
in a way that they didn't choose alright
and this guy who is an anorexic
currently in recovery or not yet
recovered we want to say he is
criticizing me remember but basically by
lying by claiming that my argument in
this video is 180 degrees opposite to
what it was right this is the first
problem is that this actual argument i
think is not worth responding to know i
don't say anything like that and it was
anyone else i mean in politics all the
time people intentionally misrepresent
what you had to say this guy isn't doing
that i think he is a combination of
stupid enough and crazy enough and
emotionally disturbed enough that he
actually believes this is true he
believes that in this video i'm stating
the exact opposite of what i say but
that's not a debate i want to have but
the other problem is exactly what i just
said in what you could sort what I just
quoted for myself saying the earlier
video
I don't want to get into a debate with a
guy who is obviously mentally unwell and
physically unwell in which I for example
call him stupid I don't want to do that
I mean in politics nothing could be
worse than the situation this guy not
only currently is suffering with
anorexia and you know when he talks
about that openly okay great so that's
the directions taken is his channel in
less than one month ago he attempted
suicide because of some some cruel
remarks that were made by another person
on YouTube about him someone criticized
them means he says criticized this
character now the version of s I got
from him and other people course talked
about it was that his wife called
emergency services his wife called an
ambulance or something he says that he
relapsed so he was relapsing into um and
I've actually had some kind of mental
breakdown I do not know if he actually
attempted to say but that was based even
what what he said and what other people
told me and that his wife of comers he
had some kind of really extreme
emotional breakdown in response to
someone else shall we say criticizing
him perhaps also ridiculing him here in
the vegan demi-monde right now I'm the
last person to defend the other guy who
were not even gonna name the other guy
who criticized them who made these
insulting remarks of course that's bad
in my earlier video I mean I really
pointed out this is not flag football I
basically have two fundamental reasons
why people with these kinds of serious
intellectual impairments serious
emotional disorders serious intellectual
disorders serious mental disorders
should not be involved in being in
politics and one of them is that it's
not safe for them the same kind of
ridicule or criticism that caused one
person to attempt suicide or at least
his wife called emergency services and
he relapsed into anorexia yet serious
medical and physical results someone
else would laugh off or shrug off or
just or make a response to or debate
right I can't do that with you I mean
with this guy who's an anorexic and
who's wanting to bring the fight to me
and I mean again terms of Polly's he's
fighting dirty he's straight up lying
about what my video
says or doesn't say so you know what if
this was happy healthy vegan you guys
see how I replied to help you have the I
bait happy healthy vegan if this was
Jeff Nelson you've seen a couple videos
where I really bring the debate back
none of those people even replied I mean
you how many times I've ever I debate
you've seen how I debated with
unnaturally okay you want to lie about
what my position is on castration of
dogs you want to misrepresent what I say
on my channel okay let's have the debate
and like real politics cuz for me
veganism Israel politics those can be
pretty nasty and insulting
confrontations I don't want to do that
with so I'm not willing to do that with
somebody who is overtly suffering from
such a serious mental and physical
illness within the last month to my
knowledge me more this guy attempted
suicide because someone else criticized
he had serious mental emotional and
physical problems ailments suffered
because someone else quit so what do you
think I'm now gonna roll up my sleeves
and take apart this video and say no how
dare you you misunderstood my argument
you're lying about what my argument is
your missus representing me do you think
I'm gonna I'm gonna get into that kind
of debate with you know it's not going
to happen right now you know maybe it
should maybe maybe if your view of you
know human equality with people who have
these kinds of serious mental maybe it
should I refer to in my earlier video
you know disputes I had the long time
ago Douglas disputes that with pal
simian when I first got to know
Palestinian I first had dialogue with
him I didn't know we had any diagnosed
serious mental disorders now to my
knowledge she has extremely serious
mental disorders and apparently he has
deleted his whole channel right he's if
you go to his channel now it's a list of
its it's a blank screen I don't know if
that's permanent I don't know if we'll
come back I also don't know if he did
that in response to my video it is very
possible he did because that video the
two videos the one on anorexia bulimia
and the one on insanity and politics
they do give the advice look I think
this is going to have negative
consequences of your life if you have
this kind of serious disorder and this
guy with anorexia as an example of that
at the other guy who stabbed himself on
camera or attempted suicide with a knife
on camera as another example of that and
I've already explained at length I do
actually think pal Simeon is an example
of that if you look at the good and the
bad impacts this movement and being on
YouTube has had in his life there's a
lot of bad and I don't know maybe
there's some good this some good but
he's putting himself at risk it's not
safe for him the way it is for someone
else now again in my earlier video
insanity in politics I I said look this
is not flag football this is politics
this game is not for everyone I would
even go on to say though you know flag
football is not for everyone um I think
you know it what if you're a coach what
if you're a coach on a football team
like not a serious and there's a kid who
wants to play the sport you know this
kid has a serious mental disorder let's
say the kid is schizophrenic is
diagnosed with schizophrenia and you
realize look if the other kids lose a
game or if the other kids get taunted
the third kids have something
emotionally bad happened the good like
the coach yells at them or the other
players on the other team insult them or
taught them maybe some of the kids are
going to get upset maybe they're going
to cry some of the kids going to laugh
at it some of the kids are going just
going to play the game back and return
the insults some of the kids will maybe
even some of this benefit from the tough
love of sports right but you think wait
here's a kid with a serious let's say
either a serious mental disability or
serious mental disorder or serious
motion property say for this kid apart
from because the second category the
first category is if this kid plays this
sport is it going to be good or bad for
this kid right and the second question
is is this going to be good or bad for
the team and ultimately that's the same
question I've got to ask you about
veganism and what I've said
unapologetically and I think I explained
it very well in two videos between the
two of them it's more than half an hour
of talking right look up the reason why
I gave this young woman who was a
bulimic because serious diagnosed
bulimia is in and out of hospital for
bulimia treatment I said to her for her
to get involved in vegan isn't the same
way I am with YouTube as her main
platform I
it's a bad idea for her now there was a
lot more nuance to that I said look
maybe 10 years from now maybe 20 years
from now you can do it but right now
you're still in and out of the hospital
you don't have your career sorted out
you don't have a lot of things right now
I think this is a really bad thing for
you and you know what she agreed it was
totally possible she could have written
back saying how dare you you're trying
to silence me you don't value my voice
in the vegan movement I think she
completely got it that the advice I was
giving her had to do with real concern
for her and the kind of damage she would
endure psychologically and even
economically what have you if she came
on and played the same game I play by
the same rules right so she got it not
everybody gets it some people respond as
if I'm trying to shut down or kick-out
mx-6 from the movement and I'm not but
I'm being honest about that kind of
warning and yes so as say there's a
question is it good for you is it good
for the particular guy from than ever
axia this particular guy showed several
minarets you criticize me now less than
a month ago he apparently attempted
suicide he had mental breakdown he had a
relapse because of this so what are you
gonna do you're gonna start a debate
with me now and I'm gonna call you an
idiot on camera no we can't will again
so again there's this question of if you
let a kid on to the football team who
has a serious mental disability of any
kind for whatever reason again cuz one
of the time of year is the danger is the
same yes there were all these different
disorders having bulimia is totally
different from having schizophrenia
having schizophrenia is is totally
different from being born severely
mentally [ __ ] or whatever you know
they're different but you're the coach
and the team and you're looking at this
kidney well what is this good or bad for
the kid is this good or bad for the team
what do you expect the other team to do
how do you check them to play the game
do you expect them to go soft on the on
the one kid who may really be more hurt
again we're really just dying but
emotionally we have you
yeah I think the idea that we can all
play this game the rough and tumble of
this game as equals it's a dream and I
all the videos alluded to the fact that
look there's a really meaningful
question of how do we organize a
compassionate society and a
compassionate political movement how do
we to whatever extent you know recognize
each other and cooperate despite the
shortcomings we may have in earlier
videos i used other examples to which I
mean whether or not has stigma what if
you have someone in your movement who's
addicted to gambling what if you have
someone your date movement is addicted
to cocaine but you know someone who's an
addicted gambler maybe there's still a
principled vegan but they can't play the
same role in the movement as somebody
else they can't be trusted with
financial transactions maybe you know
all all politics is like this um for me
I mean again I've already explained this
in this video but for me you know the
ultimate question is okay beautiful
thing about YouTube is we get to have
this debate now and we get to have it
much more openly and much more honestly
than we ever were able to do in any
other political movement history of the
world okay and if you want to state your
opinion that you think anorexics current
interacts people in and out of the
hospital with anorexia now people who
are really seriously physically fragile
and really seriously emotionally fragile
can play this game or can play a
leadership role in the movement okay I'm
willing to listen to your opinion but
here's my opinion by contrast and I hope
some people are willing to listen to it
too if all of us this bunch of
eccentrics on YouTube talking with the
future veganism if all of us are
abandoned on a desert island and then we
gotta pick who is going to be a police
officer is it going to be you the
qualities you need to be a police
officer in terms of a certain kind of
reliability a certain kind of
down-to-earth attitude this it's limited
you don't have to be brilliant yeah I've
heard some some police recruiting
agencies
try to avoid cops who are too
intelligent because if they're too
intelligent they'll get bored of the job
I sets rumor I've never seen that
documented in terms of political
analysis or political tough kitchen you
know uh not everyone can be a police
officer someone who is currently
suffering with anorexia physically
emotionally intellectually is in no
condition to be a police officer and you
might even say apart from the question
of whether or not it's good for the
criminals whether or not it's good for
the community whether or not it's good
for society as a whole it's a very
simple question asked is it even good
for this guy or this woman for this
anorexic person for them to take on the
role being a police officer because
ultimately I alluded this really briefly
the other video nobody knows if they've
got what it takes I've had some people
in my life people who knew me personally
and sometimes just police officers who
knew me this much say to me that they
thought I would make a great police
officer and they often said why what
qualities I had to meet main thing I we
were great bliss out sir and you know I
was very skeptical I said back yeah but
you know I'm also this kind of guy also
have these I have different caters to
think would maybe a lousy police officer
I think in many ways you'll never know
until you try I think there's a sense in
which we're finding out you know we're
finding out whether the knife is dull or
sharp by cutting bread with it you know
I think in a lot of ways they're on I've
heard many interviews with people were
in the police services and who basically
went crazy who you know lost their
composure had emotional breakdowns had
some kind of crisis and had to retire
from police services due to emotional
meltdowns breakdowns that have you I
don't know and you know very interesting
stories by the way of what what brought
me at that point they didn't know that
about themselves and obviously the
people hiring them didn't know that
about themselves there's a sense in
which you don't know but know if we're
on a desert island if we're looking
around these people if we're choosing
who even has the kind of reliability
necessary to be a police officer it is
not going to be someone who was
diagnosed with schizophrenia it is not
going to be someone who was so
physically and emotionally frail right
now that they're in and out of hospital
for anorexia treatment there are people
who recovered from anorexia and go on to
have you know careers in all kinds paths
but we're currently you know struggling
to feed themselves and to deal with all
of the Associated intellectual and
emotional problems interaxial okay so
ask yourself what we're talking about
doing here in vegan politics do you
think it's a higher or a lower standard
than filling out speeding tickets for
cars on the highway I think this is
actually much more demanding I think the
level of performance we're looking for
from people is many many times higher so
why even make excuses for people who
could not fill a role such as being a
police officer and say no these people
can be and should be leaders in veganism
as political movement um I guess too
close that's maybe the sense in which
although I've said so many good things
about YouTube I think it's wonderful
we're having this debate I think it's
wonderful that YouTube gives a voice to
people like during runner at one time
during rider was just an eccentric guy
who worked in a bicycle shop repairing
bicycles and nobody cared what his
opinion was and he was a guy who by his
own account was diagnosed with serious
mental disorders including schizophrenia
that's his account of his own life it's
not something I'm ascribing to him and I
sense it's kind of beautiful that
somebody like that can find their
audience and find their voice and be
heard and felt appreciate them all I
think that is wonderful but it also can
look an lure us into a false sense of
confidence in these people it can lure
us into trusting them too much when they
are not trustworthy and when as I've
said repeatedly under this heading these
people may be a danger they may be a
danger to themselves they may be a
danger to others and just by us putting
them on just by us giving that little
bit of Fame just by us putting out them
in that leadership position we may
actually be enable
them to engage in that kind of behavior
that he is again fundamentally bad for
them bad for the movement bad for both
teams and also may be bad for the kids
on the field playing the sport